README.md, before:

# Fullstack JS Collaborative

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![PSeInt](https://img.shields.io/badge/pseudocode-PSeInt-blue?logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAUAAAAFCAYAAACNbyblAAAAHElEQVQI12P4//8/w38GIAXDIBKE0DHxgljNBAAO9TXL0Y4OHwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
![Pseudocode](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Pseudocode-yellow)

## 📚 Overview

This is the collaborative repository for the Fullstack JavaScript Web Development course at UDD. Students are organized into cells to refactor and enhance projects as they learn new technologies. The goal is to apply best practices in collaborative development using branches, pull requests, and code review.

## 🛠️ Repository Structure

- **`src/`**: Main source code of the projects.
- **`tests/`**: Unit and integration tests.
- **`docs/`**: Project documentation and guidelines.
- **`public/`**: Static files for the projects.

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get started, clone this repository and install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative.git
cd fullstack-js-collaborative
```

## 🔀 Branching Strategy

- **`main`**: The main branch contains stable, production-ready code.
- **`development`**: The development branch contains the latest changes that are ready for testing.
- **Feature branches**: Each cell works on their own feature branch, named as `nombrecelula/feature/your-feature-name`. 
  - For example, if your group is called "Célula Alpha" and you're working on adding authentication, your branch could be named `celula-alpha/feature/authentication`.

## 📝 Commit Message Guidelines

Please follow this format for commit messages:

- `[type]: Brief description`

Types can include:
- `feat`: A new feature
- `fix`: A bug fix
- `docs`: Documentation only changes
- `style`: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, etc.)
- `refactor`: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature

## 🔄 Pull Request Process

1. **Create a Feature Branch**: Work on a feature branch named as `nombrecelula/feature/your-feature-name`.
2. **Pull Request**: Open a pull request to merge your feature branch into `development`.
3. **Code Review**: At least one other group must review and approve the pull request.
4. **Approval**: The designated approver, Luis Marcelo Riquelme Araneda, will give the final approval.

## 🛡️ Repository Rules

- **Branch Protection**: The `main` branch is protected. All changes must go through pull requests and be approved before merging.
- **Code Reviews**: Every pull request must be reviewed by another group and the designated approver.
- **Commit Regularly**: Make small, regular commits to keep track of your progress.
- **Testing**: Ensure all tests pass before making a pull request.
- **Documentation**: Document your changes in the `docs/` folder or update relevant sections of the existing documentation.

## 🔗 Contact

For any questions or issues related to the repository, please contact:

- **Luis Marcelo Riquelme Araneda**
- **Email**: luriquelme.dwfs1@bootcampudd.cl

Commit message:

docs: update readme development branch

README.md, after:

# Fullstack JS Collaborative

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative)
![PSeInt](https://img.shields.io/badge/pseudocode-PSeInt-blue?logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAUAAAAFCAYAAACNbyblAAAAHElEQVQI12P4//8/w38GIAXDIBKE0DHxgljNBAAO9TXL0Y4OHwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
![Pseudocode](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Pseudocode-yellow)

## 📚 Overview

This is the collaborative repository for the Fullstack JavaScript Web Development course at UDD. Students are organized into cells to refactor and enhance projects as they learn new technologies. The goal is to apply best practices in collaborative development using branches, pull requests, and code review.

## 🛠️ Repository Structure

- **`src/`**: Main source code of the projects.
- **`tests/`**: Unit and integration tests.
- **`docs/`**: Project documentation and guidelines.
- **`public/`**: Static files for the projects.

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get started, clone this repository and install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/UDDBootcamp/fullstack-js-collaborative.git
cd fullstack-js-collaborative
```

## 🔀 Branching Strategy

- **`main`**: The main branch contains stable, production-ready code.
- **`development`**: The development branch contains the latest changes that are ready for testing.
- **Feature branches**: Each cell works on their own feature branch, named as `nombrecelula/feature/your-feature-name`. 
  - For example, if your group is called "Célula Alpha" and you're working on adding authentication, your branch could be named `celula-alpha/feature/authentication`.

### 📢 Coordination for using the `development` branch

- If you need to use the `development` branch to test your changes, please notify the cohort chat.
- Specify the day and time you plan to use the `development` branch and until when you will be using it.
- Please take turns and coordinate usage to avoid conflicts.

## 📝 Commit Message Guidelines

Please follow this format for commit messages:

- `[type]: Brief description`

Types can include:
- `feat`: A new feature
- `fix`: A bug fix
- `docs`: Documentation only changes
- `style`: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, etc.)
- `refactor`: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature

## 🔄 Pull Request Process

1. **Create a Feature Branch**: Work on a feature branch named as `nombrecelula/feature/your-feature-name`.
2. **Pull Request**: Open a pull request to merge your feature branch into `development`.
3. **Code Review**: At least one other group must review and approve the pull request.
4. **Approval**: The designated approver, Luis Marcelo Riquelme Araneda, will give the final approval.

## 🛡️ Repository Rules

- **Branch Protection**: The `main` branch is protected. All changes must go through pull requests and be approved before merging.
- **Code Reviews**: Every pull request must be reviewed by another group and the designated approver.
- **Commit Regularly**: Make small, regular commits to keep track of your progress.
- **Testing**: Ensure all tests pass before making a pull request.
- **Documentation**: Document your changes in the `docs/` folder or update relevant sections of the existing documentation.

## 🔗 Contact

For any questions or issues related to the repository, please contact:

- **Luis Marcelo Riquelme Araneda**
- **Email**: luriquelme.dwfs1@bootcampudd.cl
